1.B
2.D
3.C
4.A
5.A
6.C
7.B
8.A
9.A,B,D
10.A,C,D

11.

Deep learning is a subset of machine learning where artificial neural networks, 
algorithms developed by humans, can learn from large amounts of data... 
Deep learning allows machines to solve more complex problems even when the data set used is very diverse, unstructured and inter-connected.

12.

Reinforcement learning (RL) is an area of machine learning:-
It is concerned with how software agents ought to take actions in an environment in order to maximize the notion of cumulative reward. 
Reinforcement learning is one of three basic machine learning paradigms, alongside supervised learning and unsupervised learning. 
Reinforcement learning differs from supervised learning in not needing labelled input/output pairs be presented, 
and in not needing sub-optimal actions to be explicitly corrected. 
Instead the focus is on finding a balance between exploration (of uncharted territory) and exploitation (of current knowledge).
The main difference between the classical dynamic programming methods and reinforcement learning algorithms is that:-
The classical dynamic programming do not assume knowledge of an exact mathematical model of the MDP( Markov decision process) and they target large MDPs where exact methods become infeasible.

13.

Machine learning uses algorithms to parse data, learn from that data, and make informed decisions based on what it has learned. 
Deep learning structures algorithms in layers to create an "artificial neural network” that can learn and make intelligent decisions on its own.

A).
Machine Learning is a superset of Deep Learning
Deep Learning is a subset of Machine Learning
B).
The data represented in Machine Learning is quite different as compared to Deep Learning as it uses structured data
The data representation is used in Deep Learning is quite different as it uses neural networks(ANN).
C).
Machine Learning is an evolution of AI
Deep Learning is an evolution to Machine Learning. Basically it is how deep is the machine learning.
D).
Machine learning consists of thousands of data points.
Big Data: Millions of data points.
E).
Outputs: Numerical Value, like classification of score
Anything from numerical values to free-form elements, such as free text and sound also.
F).
Uses various types of automated algorithms that turn to model functions and predict future action from data.
Uses neural network that passes data through processing layers to the interpret data features and relations.
G.
Algorithms are detected by data analysts to examine specific variables in data sets.
Algorithms are largely self-depicted on data analysis once they’re put into production.
H.
Machine Learning is highly used to stay in the competition and learn new things. 
Deep Learning solves complex machine learning issues.

14.

Perceptron is an algorithm for supervised learning of binary classifiers. ... 
It is a type of linear classifier, 
i.e. a classification algorithm that makes its predictions based on a linear predictor function combining a set of weights with the feature vector.

15.

Machine Learning and AI are used interchangeably. Usually both terms are used to mean supervised learning.
In theory: Machine Learning is a subfield of AI: One way of implementing AI.

Artificial Intelligence is the broader concept of machines being able to carry out tasks in a way that we would consider “smart”.
And, Machine Learning is a current application of AI based around the idea that we are really just be able to give machines access to data,
and let them learn for themselves.

On a broad level, we can differentiate both AI and ML as: AI is a bigger concept to create intelligent machines that can simulate human thinking capability and behavior, 
whereas, machine learning is an application or subset of AI that allows machines to learn from data without being programmed explicitly.


